learning-another-language: content (#7)
Ada-Developers-Academy/core-unit-3: learning-another-language/summary-resources-and-next-steps.md

> # Summary, Resources, and Next Steps

Author: This was meant to parallel step 3. in `our-path.md`: "Summarize what we've learned so far" (line 21)

https://github.com/Ada-Developers-Academy/core-unit-3/pull/7/files#diff-de6f4e87f7a3e18ecfa0fbc086a2fb0b34d0b9dc6d3905cbfebd0cb3e75d2a96R21

| Date written/published      | The older that a resource is, the more outdated it is with JavaScript _syntax_. Concepts and patterns change every few years, too.                                         |
| Context                     | Who wrote this? Why did they write it? What biases do they carry? What is the intended purpose of this material?                                                           |
| Source                      | It's helpful to distinguish between an independent developer or a product who authored a resource. Both kinds of authors genuinely want to better the developer community. |
| Depth                       | Sometimes we don't need very deep explanations for some syntax. Sometimes we need deep explanations to understand a fundamental concept.                                   |
| Number and Kind of Examples | Depends on what we're looking for!                                                                                                                                         |

### !callout-info

## ECMAScript 2015, aka ES6

> The JavaScript language went through a major revision in 2015. It introduced _dozens_ of new syntaxes, features, and patterns. There is usually a large difference in code style patterns between JavaScript before 2015 and after 2015.

Reviewer: avoids "syntaxes"

we don't count in dozens enough... for those times when tens is too few and hundreds is too many. 🙂 

```suggestion
The JavaScript language went through a major revision in 2015. It introduced _dozens_ of new syntax elements, features, and patterns. There is usually a large difference in code style patterns between JavaScript before 2015 and after 2015.
```
